Ilya Gusinski Greenwich, Connecticut, United States
ilyav@gusinski.us 1 (212) 235 7755
linkedin.com/in/ilya-gusinski-esq
Summary
A corporate counsel with over a decade of experience working on multimillion dollar commercial transactions, mergers & acquisitions, and divestitures. Intimately familiar with media, broadcasting, high-tech, entertainment and private equity industries.
• Broad Spectrum Legal Advice – Trusted by early to mid-stage start-ups and well established technology, entertainment, and media businesses, private investors, and high-net worth individuals to solve complex, time- sensitive and time-intensive problems.
• In-depth Knowledge of Commercial Transactions – Serving as corporate counsel review commercial contracts pertaining to revenue streams, financial data analysis, budgets, cashflow/ revenue statements and forecasts.
• General Counsel for Stakeholders and Senior Executives – Able to assist the leadership and executive teams with mergers and acquisitions, business development and expansion, divestitures and complex multi-national negotiations.
• Expertise and Experience Saving Company's Valuable Resources – Drawing on over a decade of experience and deep industry contacts, maximizing value, quality, and performance of outsourced professional services.
• Holistic Approach to Cross-Functional Collaboration Within Businesses - Multi-tasking while cross-functionally interfacing with multiple business departments including finance, marketing, business and product development, operations and other relevant department teams. Identify and manage all related legal issues, while creating proactive solutions and workflows designed to eliminate or mitigate risks.
Experience
Chief Legal Officer, Member of the Board of Directors
ASERO Worldwide
Oct 2019 - Present (4 years)
ASERO is an international homeland security capability development service offering strategic solutions and tactical counsel to governments and major businesses on risk mitigation in a number of homeland security fields. Asero's expertise includes cyber security, emergency preparedness and resilience management, aviation security, infrastructure protection, supply chain security, social media analysis, and its innovative TOPSISTM solution.
Corporate Legal Counsel
New Media Holding Company LLC
Sep 2013 - Present (10 years 1 month)
In-House counsel, maintaining the legal framework for a privately held investment vehicle, dealing with contract negotiations, M&A, sales, and international regulatory matters. Participating in negotiations for
 Ilya Gusinski - page 1

every business transaction of the company. Providing risk assessment and due diligence for potential business ventures.
Working both on site and remotely. Experience in support, management and oversight of complex multinational and multi-jurisdictional litigation.
Attorney, Private Practice
I. Gusinski Law PLLC
Jun 2018 - Present (5 years 4 months)
Private law practice providing legal advise to businesses and individuals. Corporate Governance, Commercial Litigation Management, Mediation and Litigation Support & Oversight. Business negotiations, drafting and analysis of transactional documents.
Examples of engagements include, negotiating a lease of FM frequency in New York for a new radio station, negotiation, due diligence, documentation and contract preparation for a secured bridge financing transaction investing in hemp farming business.
General Counsel
Media Most International, Inc.
Jun 2011 - May 2018 (7 years)
Overseeing legal, operational and financial aspects of television broadcasting and aggregation business. Including, but not limited to immigration, licensing, contracts, intellectual property, negotiations, broadcasting regulation, compliance and other aspects of day-to-day business operations. Experience includes, M&A, leading the due diligence and negotiations for a number of multi-national divestiture transactions, successfully overseeing tax and employment audits.
General Counsel
New Media Internet, LLC
Aug 2009 - Mar 2018 (8 years 8 months)
Overseeing legal, operational and financial aspects of internet news aggregation business. Including a focus on employment, immigration, contractual, IP as well as business negotiations, M&A, overseeing settlement and litigation negotiations as well as other aspects of day-to-day business logistics operations.
General Counsel
Overseas Media Inc.
May 2011 - Feb 2012 (10 months)
General Counsel
Media Consulting Services LLC 2008 - 2012 (4 years)
Deputy General Counsel
Overseas Media, Inc.
Jul 2008 - May 2011 (2 years 11 months)
Ilya Gusinski - page 2

Deputy General Counsel
Media Most International, Inc.
Jul 2008 - May 2011 (2 years 11 months)
Comparative Foreign Law Researcher
National Public Defenders Office of Israel Jun 2007 - Aug 2007 (3 months)
Comparative and legal research, legal writing
Summer Associate
Herzog
Jul 2006 - Aug 2006 (2 months)
Legal and comparative research, legal writing
Business Development Manager
Most Properties
Apr 2004 - May 2005 (1 year 2 months) Scouting new business opportunities
Education
Pepperdine Law
Juris Doctor, Law 2005 - 2008
Wheaton College Massachusetts
Bachelor of Arts, Fine/Studio Arts, General 1999 - 2003
Institut Le Rosey
1993 - 1999
Skills
Corporate Law • Intellectual Property • Litigation • Licensing • • Legal Research • Corporate Governance • International Law •
Commercial Litigation Television
• Legal Writing
    Ilya Gusinski - page 3
